>>This is day three,
the day of the mind.
Good morning, everybody.
>>Good morning.
>>This is day three,
the day of the mind.
But we're going to
finish day two right now.
It'll take about 10, 15
minutes or something.
This is very important, what
happens right now relative
to yesterday.
We didn't do this
for a long time.
It was the angels
that created this.
But just to give credit
where credit's due,
the actual procedure
that makes this work
came out of the Philippines.
And it's a psychic way
of sweeping that is
pretty amazing actually.
What we're going to
do is we're going
to build a pyramid in here.
And we begin a vortex.
Takes a little
while to develop it.
Takes a few minutes.
And pretty soon there's
like a sheet that's
sweeping around this room.
And it'll move right through
you and it's kind of like glue.
If anything that
you want to let go,
you just got to hold it there
and it'll take it from you.
[LAUGHTER]
It's really easy.
Just-- it's gone.
And it goes up and goes
out through the apex
into another
dimension, actually.
But to the entities that may
still be here, a lot of times
they get nervous and
don't decide not to do it
when they really want to.
And then you sleep overnight
and they go, oh god, I
wish I had done that.
Here's another opportunity.
Because if they just let go
right now, they can go out
and archangel Michael will
make sure they get home.
So for you guys
it's really easy.
You don't have to do anything
except lay on your back
and just listen to music.
It's kind of strange music.
[LAUGHTER]
This is a strange workshop, so
I gotta go find strange music.
I can't use the Grateful
Dead or anything.
[LAUGHTER]
So here's what you do.
You pick a center point and
you put all of your heads
into the center point and you
lay on your backs, just kind of
like a wheel.
[LAUGHTER]
You guys are having
too much fun.
Just relax and begin to breathe.
Feel the flow of prana
coming from above and below,
meeting in your heart
chakra, from your merkaba.
And just feel that flow and
just keep breathing and feeling
that flow.
And if any feelings come
up or anything, just
let them come up.
And whatever's
behind that feeling,
just with your
inner vision, just
bring that up and lift it
out of your body if you can
a little bit.
And just feel it.
Just take it.
It's moving right
through your body,
so it'll take anything
you let go of right now.
And when the music is
over, I'll lead you there.
So I think we can begin now.
So go ahead.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Slowly come back to your bodies.
Now this is the day of the
mind or the day of the brain.
I'm going to define the
brain and mind differently.
Some people think they're
sort of the same thing.
My definition is
going to be the brain
is the physical organ,
physically the brain.
The mind is what we're
walking around in right now
in this room.
It's the images
that it generates.
And as we begin to
understand what this is,
it's very different than
what almost all human beings
on Earth think is the truth.
And so as you
begin to hear this,
it'll sound strange-- in
some ways, almost crazy.
But if you continue
with the meditation,
you will come to the
place where you'll be
able to prove this to yourself.
You'll know for sure
what I'm talking about.
It usually takes a while.
Actually, in the
traditional methods,
it usually takes 20 to 40 years.
I'm going to try to get it
down to like tomorrow maybe.
[LAUGHTER]
We'll see.
But you'll probably be
able to get this usually
within a few months, if not.
But we don't have
20 to 40 years.
We may not even
have a few months.
I don't know.
It literally could
happen now, any minute.
And it feels like we're
really into the accelerated
motion of this whole thing.
But I can't second
guess mother earth.
I don't know for sure.
So today is the brain.
Tomorrow is the physical heart.
Physical.
The physical brain and
the physical heart.
And the physical heart
also has image just
like it has a mind also.
And we're going to look at
the differences between these
so we can understand
how consciousness works.
And we're actually going
to map the whole thing.
Most of this information has
been kept somewhat secret.
In fact, especially
the heart work,
there's almost nothing
written about in the world.
Never has been.
It's always been
an oral tradition.
And so on we will be
breaking some of these rules.
We're trying to go
fast as possible.
And we're also going to give you
very direct information, which
will save you-- it'll save
you, in this room right now,
in the past anyway, about
one third of the people
were able to jump from
the 20 to 40 years now.
And the rest of them usually
take a little bit longer.
You'll be able to do things that
usually take a very long time.
It's partly because science has
been mixed in with meditation.
This may sound
funny, but you would
think the ancients would have
a better understanding of some
of this stuff.
But they didn't.
Even the great
white brotherhood,
when they tried to understand
about the opening of the eye
when you actually read what
they're saying, where they've
written it down, it's clear
that they did not actually
understand the physiological
nature of what was actually
going on.
They were guessing.
But they were people
just like you and me.
Any difference.
They were going through
the same stages awareness
that you and I are right now
and then finally understood it
and were able to do it.
But whoever wrote these things
for them, I didn't really know.
When we get to that
point, we'll explain it.
But that'll be today.
I think.
Today some time.
So I'm going to talk
about the-- first of all,
I want to present to you
that the brain is not
as important as the heart.
The heart is much older.
It is prior to.
It happened-- before there was
a brain, there was a heart.
And we'll explain that.
But the ancients were
very much aware of this.
If you go back
into ancient Egypt,
when they mummified
body, usually a king
or queen and sometimes
a doctor-- people
they considered more important.
They didn't do it with everyone.
They did it only
with certain people.
They would remove all the
organs out of the body.
And then they had
four clay jars.
And they would put the organs
in a very specific order
inside of those four jars,
except for three things.
That's the brain, the
heart, and the genitals.
And everything else
was put in there.
And then what they
did with the heart,
they put it back into the
body, because it was essential.
And also the
genitals, because when
you understand what we're
about to talk about,
the heart and sexual energy
are the key to creation.
You cannot create without
those two aspects.
What did they do with the brain?
They pulled it out
through the nose
and they threw it
in the garbage can.
That's how important
it was to them.
Why would they think that?
Why would they think that
the brain was just useless?
And yet they're coming from
closer to the time when
we were really aware.
There was a time when
where we're going, we were.
And it's the reason why
the universe has given us
the permission to
synthetically recreate
this level of consciousness
within you is because you've
attained it once before.
At least humanity has.
And individual in
here may not have,
but humanity has
attained this before.
And so it's going to take
me awhile to explain this.
It's not something I can just
rattle off a couple sentences
and it would make sense.
I will say this one thing
just so you understand this.
If you go back into
conception-- like I
think in one of
the books-- I don't
remember which one it was.
I think it was
first book, I think,
where we showed the geometry
related to conception--
starts out as the sphere,
which is the ovum.
Then the 10, 11, or 12
sperm come in and conceive.
And then it breaks into
two through mitosis.
And then it breaks into four
and it forms a tetrahedron.
And then it breaks into eight
and forms a star tetrahedron.
Then it goes into tetrahedron
around a tetrahedron at 16.
And it keeps going
until 512 cells.
And it forms toroidal field.
Remember that?
So it goes 512 cells and it's
hollow inside and everything.
And I left it there.
But since then,
I've done a lot more
studying with medical doctors
that have explained this to me,
but what that
becomes is the heart.
And there is a point in
every one of us, all of us,
where we were just a
heart and nothing else.
Nothing else.
We had no arms, we had no legs.
We had no liver
or anything else.
We had no brain.
We were just a heart
and nothing else.
And then the body
came out of the heart.
The body was an image that
the heart had created.
And then it literally
came out slowly.
The whole thing
emerged out of it.
And then the heart was pushed
in and pulled into the body.
And then we became this
more traditional image
that we think of ourselves, as a
little fetus beginning to grow.
But intuitively, you
can see from that,
that the heart is older and
more primal than the brain.
The brain came afterwards.
The more you begin to
understand this relationship
between the brain and
the heart, the more
you see that, if you're looking
for the source of things,
you don't go to the brain.
You go to the heart.
Now I'm going to shift
subjects a little bit
and go into what we began
to talk about yesterday
and how the brain is
affected by belief patterns.
Whatever it believes to be
true is what it's capable of.
And it's also like a wall.
It's like a cage.
Whatever your
belief patterns are,
they form a particular
shape and that's it.
You can't get out that
field because you've
created this image around it
that won't go any further.
And it's just like the
story with Jesus and Peter
that we were talking
about yesterday,
where Peter was able to walk
on water until he had a doubt.
And then he went into water.
And I'm going to go back
to quantum physics again.
And not with the world
being either solid particles
or, on the other side, energy.
But rather this idea
that was presented
through quantum physics
that the experimenter
affects the experiment.
Well, just think about that.
How could an experiment--
if this reality is
truly separate from us and on
its own, running without us,
then how can one person do an
experiment and another person
do an experiment and get a
totally different result.
It can be completely
180 degrees apart.
It just depends on what you
believe when you're doing it.
It's like going back
into the '60s where
you had 20 million people in
the United States taking LSD.
If you remember, our government
did all kinds of experiments
on this and they
came up and said
there was chromosome
breakage and lots
and lots of negative things
that they were finding.
And it's because our
government was really,
really down on this.
I'm not saying it's good or bad.
It's just they were.
But the Canadian government
was different about this.
They had different
feelings about it.
And so they came in they did
extensive research on LSD.
And I mean really extensive.
And after many
years of research--
it was headed by David Suzuki
at the University of British
Columbia.
And the report was handed
to Premiere Trudeau,
who was in charge at that time.
And what it stated in there
was they couldn't duplicate
anything that the Americans
had done and didn't believe
it was true.
And the final result was that
they discovered, they believed,
that taking LSD was
less physiologically
harmful to the body than
taking a single aspirin.
And so it's a whole
different point of view.
And while we're going
to get into this more
because hidden inside
of this little thing
about the experimenter
affects the experiment
is something huge.
Really huge.
So when you look at science
itself, and especially physics,
they know that's true.
And I'll even get into
it a little bit more
in a moment what they
do know about it.
But mathematics to a physicist
or to a mathematician
basically is their god.
Meaning that whatever math
says, that's got to right.
Has to be.
There's 2 plus 2 equals 4.
Can't be anything else.
In so as the mathematics
has evolved over time,
it has along with it
is the reflection of it
as what we perceive as
our theories in physics.
But what's happened
along the line
is that there's
become anomalies,
incredible anomalies,
that have happened.
And so much so at
this point that
if you really understand
math and physics,
ours physics is dead.
It cannot make it.
It will die eventually
and it cannot keep going
and they're freaked out about
it, a lot of people are,
because they know
they can't keep going.
We've got to a
certain level and it
looks like we're going great,
but there are real problems.
And I'll talk about some of
these problems in a little bit.
But because they believe it
is, they came to a place--
and I don't remember
when this was, exactly.
And I'm just going to guess.
I think it was about in the
'50s, where it became really
scary for the mathematicians
and the physicists
because it was clear
that they had made
a huge mistake
somewhere and they
didn't know-- they knew
where some of them were
and they didn't know if they
knew where all of them were.
And so they had to invent
something that didn't exist.
And if they couldn't find
this thing that didn't exist,
it was all over.
And they would literally have
to start over like a baby
and begin again.
And so in order to
balance their equations,
they had to find, at the
very, very, very, very edge
of the known universe,
these huge, huge things
that they called quasars.
But no one had ever seen
a quasar ever before.
It was just this idea that what
would fit into the mathematics
and then make everything work
so they could keep going.
But nobody had ever seen one.
But they were told, the
astronomers were told,
we gotta find it because
it's there somewhere.
And so you had all
these people looking
in the space for something
that no one's ever seen.
And it went on for years.
What do you think?
I don't know.
I've never seen one before.
[LAUGHTER]
But one day, one
man-- that was a man.
Wouldn't matter if it
was a man or a woman,
but it was this guy-- he
sees a quasar way out there.
At that time, it was probably
about 10 billion light years.
We're at about 17 billion
light years I think now,
or something like that.
But I don't know
where it was exactly.
But he finds one.
And they're huge.
They're enormous.
And they're polarized with
these giant streams coming out
of the north and south pole
of them and everything.
And they break the
laws of physics.
They have to break
the laws of physics
to put our laws of
physics back into balance.
And so the very next day, you
can just see all the telescopes
on the whole side that's
facing that were all
turning to that place.
And they're going wow, there
really is a quasar up there.
And pretty soon the whole
world is going, wow, it's true.
We've been saved.
We found the quasar.
Well, what was very interesting
was the immediate time
after that suddenly they begin
to see quasars everywhere.
All over the place.
Millions of them.
Why did we never
see them before?
They're all over.
The experimenter
affects the experiment.
They should have added
the words "big time."
[LAUGHTER]
But they didn't.
And then time went on.
And the theory
still didn't work.
Mathematics and everything.
And there were still problems.
The problems were almost
always with gravity,
because they really
don't-- at that time--
have even the slightest
idea what gravity was.
And all of their theories
from our understandings
now are just completely wrong.
And so the same way with
special theory of relativity
and relativity and even quantum
physics and everything else.
It's the gravity which
is the biggest problem.
That's where the
real problems are.
And so then they started
developing the superstring
theory.
And the mathematics of
that evolved to a point
where they had to stop also.
I don't think they'll ever
prove superstring theory,
but that's just my
personal opinion.
But the mathematics
evolved to a certain point
until they are also stopped
in a similar kind of position
and they couldn't go
any further unless they
saw these blue lines
running through space.
Nobody had ever seen a blue line
running through space before.
There's no blue lines out there.
Well, they convinced astrologers
to-- I mean astronomers.
Astrologers could probably
find it quicker, actually.
[LAUGHTER]
Astronomers to look
for the blue lines.
In the same way, everybody's
looking for blue lines
all over the place.
And everywhere they're
looking, they're
looking to see if they
can see these blue lines.
And it never happened
for a long time.
And finally one person, I don't
know if was male or female,
sees a blue line in the sky.
The very next day, all the
telescopes look up there.
Same thing again.
Wow, there it is true.
They really do exist.
And the next day, wow,
they're everywhere.
How come we never saw
these things before?
We are creating our
universe as we go.
And so slowly I'm going to
explain what the universe is.
I said in the first part,
it doesn't really exist.
There's nothing there.
In essence, the concept
that is the closest
in human consciousness is in
"Star Trek" as the holodeck.
We live in a holodeck.
Only there's no holodeck.
It's the brain itself
that's creating it.
And we think that it's
real because it looks real
and you can touch it and feel
it and all that other stuff.
But it's not real.
And what all that stuff is,
it's not separate from you.
It is consciousness.
Reality is consciousness.
And if you come at it
from that point of view,
you'll begin to understand
what the ancients are talking
about in meditation
and kundalini and kriya
yoga and all these
other things, you
begin to understand
what's happening.
Otherwise, as long as
you think it's real
and it's really there,
you'll never get there.
You'll be lost forever.
Because it doesn't
actually exist.
And there was another person
who became famous for awhile,
and unfortunately I
don't his name anymore.
But you could trace this one
down if you really wanted to.
He had a little black box
and a pad in front of it
with like a joystick
that he created.
And you could put
anything on there.
So it wasn't working
on magnetic fields.
It didn't have to
be steel or metal.
It could be a piece
of wood or plastic
or steel or anything at
all, and he could just
turn this machine on and
just lift it up in space
and float it around the room.
Make it fly anywhere with no
apparent power or anything.
There's nothing coming
from this at all.
And scientists were going crazy
over this one for a long time.
But the problem was is that
when any other scientist would
sit down-- and all you had to do
is just turn it on like a game
and play-- it wouldn't work.
It would only work for him.
It's psychotronic.
He'd linked with the machine
and was able to make it do it
and the other scientists
could not do that.
This is the reason
why in science
even though somebody invents
something and it's awesome
and it works perfect,
they say we don't care.
There has to be at least
two independent universities
in the world that
can duplicate that.
If they can't duplicate
it, we can't use it
and it's not real as far
as they're concerned.
And usually they want more.
And then even when
they do, the politics
are so powerful in science
that it doesn't override it.
For example, cold fusion.
We were told that those two
guys invented cold fusion
and then the atomic
industry said absolutely no.
And there was this war that
actually went on around this.
And so they finally came
up and said it's not true.
Doesn't exist.
That's what everybody was told.
There's now been 22 universities
that have duplicated this.
It does work.
But they won't let
it out, for politics.
It is real, but they
won't even let it ago.
In terms of a free energy,
personally, just me,
I've seen over 40 vacuum
machines in the world
all working perfectly.
Some better than others.
Some huge and
making a little bit
of energy and some little
making a lot of energy.
But like I said before, when
you're talking about energy,
there's so much energy in
just a cubic centimeter
that you can create the
entire universe with.
In fact, it came from
the ideas that we
have of the Big Bang theory.
We came from infinitely
small-- not infinitely small,
but extremely small
little spot that
created-- the energy that came
out that created everything
that we see.
And so we have machines.
I have machines
right now sitting
in California that would solve
all of our energy problems
tomorrow morning.
And on every single
level of our existence.
And our government knows it.
They told me in 1998
that I could put this out
and we did up the
final steps and then
I was told I had to go
before the secret government
to get permission.
So I had to go to Switzerland.
And in Switzerland, these giant
hotels, 2,000 rooms and stuff.
They guy just rented the entire
place and made everybody leave.
And he went into
the cafeteria, which
would hold-- I don't know
how many people, but a lot.
And he made them
remove all the tables
and he put one table in
the middle of the room.
And that's where
we had our meeting.
And he listened to
everything I had to say.
And he got done.
And he said, ah,
go ahead and do it.
We knew this was going
to happen anyway.
And I got really excited about
because it was a pretty awesome
thing that we had.
And so we got the permission
and we came back and then
we perfected it and then
the FBI came in and told me,
no, I'm sorry.
You can't do it.
And they wouldn't tell
us why for a long time.
And eventually about six
months later, they did.
And that was because they
said that if we put out
free energy what the computer
models show is that it will
absolutely crash
the entire stock
market for two to three years.
And about 100 to
300 million people
will die just in
the first 90 days.
It's like we're on
heroin or something
and we have to get off of oil
and all these other things
and it hurts to get off of them.
But they were
willing to do that.
But then they found out
about the environment.
They knew about the
environment since the '60s,
but they didn't
know how bad it was.
And right before the
turn of the century,
they begin to realize
what the truth was.
And they just said we can't
deal with both of these things
at once.
And they shut us down,
wouldn't allow us to do it.
But we have a
little boxes that's
nine inches on each
side, black, sealed.
One moving part that
doesn't touch anything.
And the side effect
is it creates
2,000 horsepower for eternity.
But that's just runs your
lights and everything.
The main thing is it's
an anti-gravity field
and it really works
and it absolutely works
and it's perfect.
And it's silent.
And that little tiny device will
lift 24,000 pounds into the air
at any speed you can imagine.
You could take a
24,000 pound spaceship
and put it in a space like
an elevator, if you want.
Just to go really slow.
Be very comfortable.
You're only going
up 100 miles or so.
It's no big deal.
If you went 100 miles an hour,
you'd get there in an hour
and you could have
tea on the way up.
Once you get out
of the atmosphere,
this thing will accelerate, at
least mathematically, to 9/10
the speed of light in
less than three minutes.
It'll really move up.
We can't survive that.
But there are ways
you can maximize this
and we've already
figure those things out.
We can get to Mars
instead of nine months,
we can get there
very, very quick.
And you'd have
gravity the whole way.
You've feel normal.
So politics are a big thing
when it comes to energy.
It's really too bad.
I was the one, though,
that went to become--
the emperor of Japan, he's
made a relationship with me.
Put it that way.
I didn't make one with him.
And his whole purpose he
told me is to save the world
environmentally.
That's what they want to do.
And so he's very interested
in these kinds of things.
And so we gave exactly how
to make a car run on water
to the Japanese, which they did.
I don't know if you
know this or not.
They put it out to the
whole world through Reuters.
They actually are
demonstrating that they
can run an automobile
just converting water
into hydrogen and oxygen.
We had a car here in Nevada that
will, on one gallon of water,
will go 3,200 miles.
That's how much more power is
in water than it is in gasoline.
They were only able to get
a mere 400 miles per gallon.
It's the method they're using.
They're using the
fuel cells theory--
their way of doing it
is they're converting
it into chemicals and over
and then into electricity.
And you lose a lot of
energy doing it that way.
They came out with the car
almost a year and half ago.
But Japan then
decided not to do it.
Toyota was going to do it.
They were all going to come
out of with a water car
and then they decided
not to because
of the solar panel, what
they're about to release.
The Japanese have
a solar panel that
is almost as good as
what I just talked about.
But it doesn't have
ant-gravity with it.
They discovered it by
accident, but it's a plastic.
And the plastic is 70% to
80% efficient on light.
That's amazing.
The most efficient are--
these big silicon cells
that we have are 9%
to 12% efficient.
And recently they made
one that's 15% efficient.
This is 70% to 80% efficient.
And it's 70% to 80%
efficient on infrared,
so it works day and night.
It'll work in Alaska in
the middle of a snowstorm.
And if that isn't enough, the
plastic is the perfect battery.
It's a solid state plastic.
No liquids.
No nothing.
No acids.
Anything.
And it's better than any
battery we've ever seen.
And so this cell can produce--
well, just three of them
would run a huge American home.
And they shouldn't cost
more than $100 each.
And that's almost there.
But the plastic can be
turned into a paint,
and that's why the automobiles
want to paint their cars.
And so they're a solar collector
no matter where they are.
Put the plastic in
there and now you've
got a car that will
run day and night
and never stop ever,
until the tires run out
or something like that.
And we have this.
This exists.
And so they decided
the water car was not
as good as this one is.
I get to talk about
this guy in Canada.
There's all these
Canadians here.
I don't know how to
say his last name.
So maybe you guys can help me.
Who knows French here?
It's P-O-M-E-R-L-O-U.
P-O-M-E-R-L-O-U. Pomerlou?
His first name is Denni.
And this guy is amazing.
And I just got to
talk about him,
because it's all about
this thing we're still
on of the experimenter
affects the experiment.
I guess it was 10
years ago when I first
heard about him, approximately.
Something like that.
Maybe more.
I don't know.
And there were scientists going
up and seeing him all the time
trying to understand what
he was doing, because he
was doing things that were
impossible by everybody's
standards.
And they never could
understand what was going on.
They didn't really
read their textbooks
very well about the experimenter
affects the experiment.
But this was a man who at the
time was about 50 years old.
He must be older now.
I don't know what he is.
But his internal age was a 12.
He was just a kid inside.
And what he told me was
that his teacher was 5.
And he had a great fear that he
might someday become an adult.
[LAUGHTER]
Because he didn't want to.
And so he chose electronics.
Why?
I don't know.
But he chose electronics.
And so I traced him down.
It took me a long time.
It actually took me
almost three years
to find this guy,
because he hides.
And I finally found him
and I went to his house
and asked him if he would
show me what he was doing.
And he was very
excited to show me.
And so he spent about two
or three hours showing me
what you had.
And this is really cool.
I mean, it really is.
And I could see why
the scientists were all
going in there engrossed to
understand what he was doing,
because he broke every rule
in electronics that there
is just about.
And so when he got all done
I said, this is very cool.
And I said, would you come to in
my workshops and show it to me?
Well, that's what I find out.
He's also superstitious.
He will not cross a bridge.
He will not get in an
airplane or a boat.
I don't remember all
the restrictions,
but it limited him to
a very specific area.
[LAUGHTER]
You can't leave there.
And so I had to do my
workshop in that area
or he couldn't come.
So I did it.
It was up near
Quebec, where it was.
And so we did it.
And it was so cool.
I'll tell you in a
little bit what he did.
But I'm first going to
show you what he did.
We're going to move
this out here somewhere.
Can everybody see this?
Can you see it over there?
Kind of like a
slice on the edge.
Colors.
So he had these electrical
circuits and a long time ago,
people accused him
of putting wires
inside the wood that he
made them on and everything.
So he made them on acetate
so you could see through it.
And I'm just going to
show you the-- when
he came to the workshop, the
first thing-- I just turned it
over to him.
I went in the back of
the room and watched
and he just sat up here.
And the first thing
he said to everybody,
is there any electrical
engineers in the class?
I didn't know.
There were three PhDs.
Three.
He got so excited.
I thought he was going
to pee in his pants.
[LAUGHTER]
He goes, wow,
that's really good.
That's really good.
So he runs and he gets a table
and he drags it over right
in front of where he is and he
says, you guys sit right here.
And so these three
men, they sat down.
And so he brings out the first
board and it was really simple.
The first one was a
little thing about so big
and it had a single
little light bulb on it
with a wire that came over
with a switch that went over
to a battery, only the
battery went like that
and never finished the circuit.
So it kind of breaks the rules.
But it was just barely
breaking the rules,
from his point of view.
And sure enough, he turns
on the switch and it works.
So he gives it to them and
he says, what do you think?
And they come up
with this theory
that he's got
something wirelessly
transmitting energy to it
or something else like this.
And he goes, OK.
So he comes up with
another one and he goes,
a little bit more complicated.
And it has three
lights on it in series.
One, two, three.
And then it goes
to three switches.
One, two, three.
And then it comes down here
and there's no battery.
It's just a little wire that
goes like that and ends.
And so we don't know what this
is and why it doesn't connect.
But he says this is
the power source.
But even if it was a power
source and it was connected,
by electronics, you would have
to click all three switches on
and all three lights
would come on.
But he says, oh no.
I didn't make it that way.
He says, this one
goes to that light,
this one goes to that light,
and this one goes to that light.
And sure enough, that is
exactly what happened.
He turned this light on.
You got two more
switches in front of it,
and that light goes on.
And so he hands them that.
He's got 18 boards.
This is the second one.
By the second one, they could
not explain this to anybody.
They were going, I don't know.
And he kept going.
Then he made another one
that was a little bigger
and it had a little plug
that went over to a switch
and then went over
to a really big coil.
Much bigger.
And he was plugging
chainsaws in here.
These million watt light bulbs.
Things that are so
bright they would just
blind you if you ever saw them
and all this different stuff
and everything else.
And these guys couldn't
even talk after a while.
[LAUGHTER]
They were just
going, I don't know.
And he kept going.
More and more and more
and more and more.
And I'm going to skip all
the way up to the last one.
And on the last
one, he-- oh yeah.
I'm going to skip to
the last last one.
After he got all done, he says
let's use your stuff, he says.
Does anybody have a radio?
Three or four people
ran out, came back
with little boom boxes.
And he says, well,
just pick one.
And so they did.
And he says now we're going
to use your electricity.
So plug it into the walls.
So they plugged
it into the wall.
And then he says turn
it to a radio station.
He turns it and it's playing
music or whatever it was.
And so he then comes over
to the board like this.
And he draws onto the
board their radio.
And he puts a
little aerial on it.
And he puts a wall-- he
puts the switch where
it plugs into the wall.
And then he puts a little switch
right here in it, like that.
And he says, this
is your radio now.
And he says I'll show you.
And he goes over like
this to the switch
and he goes-- and
the radio goes off.
[LAUGHTER]
He goes-- and the radio goes on.
There was dead
silence in the room.
He came two or three times
to two or three workshops.
And he kept doing it
and kept doing it.
He says, now I want to show
you something about yourself.
And he goes like this.
He did it about three times.
He goes now I got it.
He says now I have
a switch my hand.
And I'm going to
put it in my palm.
So see, it's right there.
And he says if I click it,
radio goes off, radio goes on,
radio goes off, radio goes on.
He says, now I'm going to give
it to somebody in this room,
and whoever I give
it to, they can do it
and they can pass
it around the room.
But I'm going to go
away and leave you
so you know I'm not
psychically doing
and I don't when you're going to
turn it off and on or anything.
So he gets out and he
runs down a long hall
all the way down at the far end
and gets into a broom closet.
He closes the door.
[LAUGHTER]
We're all going OK.
And then we close the door.
And this person is sitting
there and she goes, click,
radio goes off, radio goes on.
And starts passing it around.
And every single
person in the room
could control turning
the radio on and off.
I did, too.
There's nothing in your
hand that you could see.
But with this, it would do it.
Just with your intention,
it would turn the radio
on and off.
And then he came
back into the room
and he says-- and
he was all excited.
And he says did it work?
Did it work?
And everybody went yeah,
it definitely worked.
And he said oh, good, good.
He comes up and he
says, well-- and then
he starts to say goodbye and he
goes, oh yeah, one more thing.
He comes over here and he takes
a little line off like that
and he goes like that.
He goes, that's a microphone.
Watch.
And he goes, hello.
And it comes out the radio.
[LAUGHTER]
Honest.
It came out the radio.
Anybody can come up
here and talk in hear
and their voice would
come out the radio.
It's not what we think it is.
There's a different
reality here than we've
been told by our mom and dad.
And so this guy's great.
And they're actually running
trips over to his house now.
Germany is, anyway.
Somebody in Germany
got excited and there's
other people who are doing it.
He was caught.
I was talking to his
manager, because he doesn't
know about money
or anything and he
has somebody else that
controls his-- so he can live
and everything.
And his manager was
telling me that he
was arrested during the--
there was a blackout 10
years ago or so in Canada,
in the northeast there.
And his house was the only one
after a long, long, long time
that was--
[LAUGHTER]
Still working fine.
And they arrested him for this.
They literally went to his
house and arrested him.
It's like, why?
I don't know.
But he said that when
they were taking him out,
they had handcuffs
on him and they
were taking him out to the car.
And he just got
completely freaked out
and he did a thing
like master Joe.
He made his hands really little
and the handcuffs fell off.
And the policeman saw this and
they just jumped in the car
and drove away.
[LAUGHTER]
I did not see that.
And I don't want my handcuffs.
He was freaked out because they
had arrested him once before
because he was walking down the
street with a lamp that was not
plugged in, but it was lit up.
[LAUGHTER]
And they put him in jail.
And in jail he asked
for a piece of wood.
And he drew a radio
on it, turned it on,
and was listening to the radio.
And they let him go.
They didn't want him in there.
[LAUGHTER]
I used to have his phone
number and everything,
but I don't have that anymore.
But you could find him.
Anybody know Slim Sperling?
A few of you.
He was a coil master.
And it was creating coils.
These are coils that he created.
I had a long talk with Denni
and he said to make this work,
you just take a piece of copper.
Copper he says works
very well or something.
And you start coiling it.
And you coil it
until it comes alive.
And when it comes alive,
you stop, and now it's
connected to the universe.
And he says you have infinite
energy and it never wears out.
And I know exactly
what he's talking about
because in my years of working
with Slim, you have these coils
and they don't work
until you turn them.
And you have to turn them
until they come alive.
And you feel it when they do.
I feel it right
here when they do.
You can also feel it-- or
if you can't feel it here,
you can just listen
to the birds.
If you go outside and you do
this and you turn it just right
and you get it just right,
all the birds start chirping.
And you'll hear them doing it.
They can feel it, too.
And so anyway,
Slim knew this guy.
That was how I found out
about him in the first place.
And one of Slim's
friends, which I
don't have his name
anymore either,
went and studied with
Denni for about four months
is what I remember.
And he finally got this idea
of how you make these coils.
And so he did the same thing.
He went back.
And Slim told me that he saw
this work-- I didn't see it,
but Slim did-- where
he just went back home
and he took a coat hanger,
took it and bent it around
until it came alive,
plugged it into his house.
Unplugged the house, plugged
it in, and his house lit up.
And all it was just
a piece of wire.
And so we can do this.
But we're coming to
a point right now
very soon where we're not going
to need any of this stuff.
We're not going to
need the technology.
need the energy.
We're not going
to need anything.
You just need one thing.
That's your body and that's it.
We all have one.
I'm going to go a
little bit further
to convince you of all
this kind of stuff.
Just a little bit more.
And when I was in Peru a
long time ago, 1985 or '86,
somewhere around in
there, I was walking
in the Inca Trail from Cuzco--
well, not right in Cuzco
but outside of Cuzco
up to Machu Picchu.
We were one of the first
people to ever do that.
The trail had just
been discovered
about a month earlier,
maybe two months earlier.
Very soon.
And there was no provisions
for anyone to do this,
so we had to take the
train up to Machu Picchu
and we got to them to stop.
And they stopped for 60 seconds.
And this was a train filled
with goats and chickens
and all kinds of people and
everything else like that.
You couldn't get through.
It was just packed solid.
We had to climb out windows
and throw our back pack out
and climb to get out
of these windows.
And then the train went
on and the only way
I could get across
the Urubamba River
is there was just a cable
stretched across, two of them.
And you had to hold onto one
and walk over another one.
There's this little
tiny river down there.
Get to the other side and
it was the Quechua Indians
who became our friends
and led us into there.
And the person who discovered
the trail was a man
named Narciso, who
was a Quechua shaman.
He's only about 35 years old.
And this guy was amazing.
He was just like a
little tiny child.
He was so innocent on so many
levels and it was beautiful,
I thought.
And so we walked for
about 40 miles over up
to a little higher than
14,000 feet over the cliffs.
We came down to Machu Picchu.
Machu Picchu was
about 9,000 feet.
We were dropping down
to get down to there.
And when we got there, we
all had different reasons
why we were going there.
I really wanted to go
to Huayna Picchu, which
is a mountain peak there.
It's a very high, pointed peak.
And I wanted to
go on top of there
because I'd heard
stories about this.
And so I climbed it and I got
on top and did that whole thing.
And then afterwards, I was done.
We were basically all done.
And I was kind of
looking for-- and there's
about maybe 400, 500 people
walking around in Machu Picchu.
And I was looking for my people.
We were only, I think,
12 people or so.
And I saw Narciso and
a friend of mine way
over sitting on top of a rock.
At that time, they
had not reconstructed
all the buildings.
They were just maybe that
much of the building was left
and the rest of it was gone.
Now they've rebuilt all these
buildings and everything
so they look like the way
they think they looked.
But to get to this rock
which was a big rick.
It was about not quite
half as big as this room,
12 feet high or so.
And they were on top of it.
And to get to that rock, I had
to climb over these three foot
high ruins to get over to it.
And there were several of
these walls getting over
to where this rock was.
And these rooms were
where they lived.
And Machu Picchu was a
female temple, by the way.
It was totally--
they found, I don't
remember the exact number,
but about 700 bodies there.
And all of them were
female except for six.
And so it's pretty clear that
it was not a male temple.
It was a female temple.
Anyway, I climbed
over these things.
I found my way up there on top.
And Narciso and my friend,
I don't think-- well,
his was first name was Bruce.
I won't say his last name.
And Bruce and
Narciso were sitting.
And here's the edge of
the rock right here.
And Narciso was facing
this way cross legged
and Bruce was facing this
way out toward Machu Picchu.
And they were just
a little ways apart.
And they were both shamans.
Bruce was sent outside
of the United States
to go to high school when he was
14 and they sent him to Iran.
And so he studied there.
But he never came home.
So he lived in
over 40 countries.
So he was not an
American anymore.
I don't know what he was.
He was just a global person.
But he lived mostly
with indigenous people.
So he really became a
shaman over his life.
And both of them were shamans.
Bruce knew more about crystals
than any person on earth
that I've ever met.
And I've met a lot of them.
But this guy was amazing.
And to talk a little bit
about Narciso, his innocence,
he had never been in a car.
He never been in a city
or anything like that.
He'd only lived in nature.
On the way up there, we're
all wearing sunglasses.
And he kept looking at us.
Finally he said, why do
you guys wear those things?
And we said, well,
it feels good.
We go a little farther and
he goes, can I try one?
So somebody gives their
sunglasses and puts it on
and he goes, wow.
He's looking all over like this.
He thought it was the
most amazing thing
he'd ever seen in his life.
He was just blown away by it.
And so the person gave
him the sunglasses.
And he had them on.
He went to sleep with them on.
[LAUGHTER]
This was high
technology for him.
And so I'm just telling you
that story just to give you
understanding of who he is.
He really understands the power
of what you believe and what
your limits and everything.
So anyway, they both had
little shamanistic bags
around their necks with
powered objects in there.
And they were showing
each other their toys.
And so they had a
little cloth in there
and Bruce would take out one
and he says I have this here
and this came from Monaco or
somewhere and he'd put it down
and just can I touch?
And he'd look at and he'd
say, what does it do?
And then Bruce
would explained it.
And then he would
take one of his out
and he says, well, I got this.
This goes sort of
the same thing.
Like that.
And Bruce would
look at it and they
were exploring these things.
And I was just watching.
I didn't want to interrupt it.
It was kind of cool.
And at one point, Bruce
reached into his pocket
and pulled out about a 50
millimeter piezoelectric quartz
sphere.
It looks like glass almost,
but it's actually quartz.
It means that the lattice
going through it is perfect.
And he doesn't show
it to him at first.
He says, I have this one.
He says, Bruce-- now, Bruce
could have said anything
to him.
He could've said a lot of things
because I knew him very well
and I knew his understanding
of these things.
But what he said to
him was, he says,
well, this is my
most powerful object.
But he's hiding it like that.
And he says, I really
want you to see this.
And he goes like that
and he gives it to him.
Well, it was like
shock on his face.
Because to him, he thought
it was from nature.
He didn't know that we
had curved it around.
And he thought it
was from nature.
And just the fact that
would be in nature
was just so much to
him, so powerful.
And then he says,
can I touch it?
And he's holding this thing and
looking at it and everything.
And Bruce is talking.
And then he said to Bruce,
well, how do you use it?
And Bruce says,
well-- and this is
where I don't know
why he said this,
because there could have been
1,000 things he could have
said, but what he
said was, well,
if you hold it up
to your third eye,
whatever you think happens.
And he says, phew.
That's when he really went whoa.
That's the ultimate power
object on earth, right?
He goes whoa.
And he says, can I try it?
And Bruce says sure.
So he scoots around
and faces out
towards the public out there.
And there's people
walking all around.
Puts it up to his third
eye and closes his eyes.
And few seconds went by and
then you could almost see it.
The people-- there was
like a little jerk in time
where everybody just kind
of stopped, a lot of people.
Not all about.
Let's say there's about
400 people out there,
maybe 100 of them stopped,
turned, and looked at him,
and started pointing at him.
All at once.
And they started walking here.
And so over about 15
minutes, pretty soon there's
like 100 people and they're
all climbing over these walls
and everything else like that.
And now they're at the
bottom, right underneath him,
and they're all talking
and pointing at him.
And he opens his eyes, he
looks down, takes it off,
turns around to Bruce, and says,
hey, this thing really works.
[LAUGHTER]
The experimenter
affects the experiment.
And I'll tell you
one last story.
When I was in about the same
time, maybe a year or so
difference, I was in the
Yucatan and I was at Uxmal.
And we were not-- when
you go into Uxmal,
there's the pyramid
of the magician.
It's right in front of you.
But off to the left
and a long ways
away is what they call
the Great Pyramid.
And I was up on
the Great Pyramid
and on top of the Great
Pyramid is like a house.
It's a little square building
that you go inside of.
And I was starting to
go into this building
and this Japanese man comes out.
He had four women
who were with him.
And this Japanese man came
out, and his Leonardo sphere
that was around his body
was glowing brightly.
I'd never seen anything
like this in my life.
I mean, it was really bright.
And my reaction when I saw
him, I kind of had no choice.
I saw him and he kind
of walked up to me
and I just bowed to him.
Anybody who's got a
sphere going around him
has got to be somebody special.
[LAUGHTER]
I just bowed to him.
And he bowed to me
and pretty soon we're
doing this thing back and forth.
[LAUGHTER]
And then we stopped and we
dropped down into a Lotus
and we sat there
and just looked at--
and it became clear
almost immediately
that he didn't speak English
and I didn't speak Japanese.
So we just looked at each other
for a long time, about half
an hour, I'd say.
And then eventually we stood
up, bowed to each other--
and the women were
taking pictures.
I'll bring that up
later in a moment.
And then we bowed to each
other and we went on.
And I kept thinking about
him for two or three days
after that and then I forgot.
Time goes on.
And many years later, I am
in Japan for the first time.
I was invited there by
a Buddhist community who
had never allowed
anyone to ever speak
at their Buddhist community
that was not Buddhist.
But I am Buddhist as well.
But they didn't know that.
And they asked me, they
said if I would come there,
the only way they
would let me talk there
if I came there
with a blank mind
and did not know even one
word what I was going to say,
then they would let me talk.
So I gave a workshop there.
I figured, how easy can it be?
You don't have to plan anything.
You don't write anything out.
You just go there, you stand
on the stage and start talking.
You don't know where
you're going to go.
And that's exactly what I did.
It was the first one of
these workshops, by the way.
The Earth, Sky, Heart Workshops.
The first one.
And so while everybody was
coming in to the workshop,
he walks into the workshop,
glowing sphere and all.
And when he came in,
everybody turned around
and they all bowed to him.
Every one of them,
in unison basically.
And then he sat down
and I looked at him
and I kind of asked, I went-- I
can't remember if I went to him
or he came to me--
but I talked to him
and I was just saying
good to see you again
and everything else.
And thank you for coming,
but why are you here?
Because anybody
that's on that level,
I couldn't imagine
why they would want
to come to one of my workshops.
And I finally said I don't
think you need to do this.
And he said, no,
I want to be here.
And so by this time,
he could speak--
this was maybe a
few years later--
he could speak English, sort of.
And so he stayed and during this
workshop, maybe the third day
or so, there was a young
man in the front who
spoke perfect English.
And I took him aside and I
said to him, who is this guy?
Why is everybody--
and he looked at me
like, you don't
know who that is?
And I go, no.
[LAUGHTER]
He says, we all know who it is.
And I don't have
his name right now.
They've given me everything.
I was going to write about
him in one of the books,
but I didn't.
But anyway, the story
that he gave me,
and I've confirmed this
several times over,
is in Hiroshima when the bomb
went off, he was 15 years old.
14 or 15 years old.
I don't remember exactly.
And he was only about six blocks
from where the bomb went off.
And when the explosion was
coming at him very fast,
he just put his arms
up like this and said,
this will not affect me.
And phew, buildings
were blown away
and everything else like that.
They found him in the
crater sitting cross legged.
No burns, no nothing.
No radiation.
Nothing.
Absolutely perfect.
And he became a symbol
in the 1940s for Japan
as how they can
survive what this is.
And the modern day Japanese
don't remember him too much.
It's mostly the older ones
that remember who he was.
He died recently.
And the four women,
who were young
then are now older,
and came and gave me
all of the photographs
and his name
and all the
information, everything.
I still want to write
about him at some point.
But again, it's the same thing.
This will not affect me.
Total 100% belief.
You're walking on water.
An atomic bomb goes by.
Nothing.
So if we remember
who we really are,
there's absolutely
no reason for fear.
This is for sure.
So now I want to get into
the core of all of this.
And that is why does the
belief patterns not-- what
is it about them
that what we believe
changes the outer reality?
And so I'm going
to do this first
by talking about-- remember
there was a DVD called
"The Secret" that
went out and they
were talking about creating.
And we brought this
up once before,
but I'm going to bring
up again right now to go
into a little more deeply.
The reason that works,
that, yes, there
is the law of attraction that
pulls to you what you are
thinking and feeling
and acting, everything
you're emitting off of you.
But on another level, there
is a very specific procedure
of how to create.
But this procedure works
only with the brain.
And like we said, the
brain is polarized.
And so if you do
use this procedure--
I'm only talking
about this right
now just to get it clear how
the brain works on creation,
but I don't want you to use it.
Because there is a
better way and less
harmful way, far
more powerful way,
using the heart
rather than the brain.
And it's not polarized.
So like I said, if you
do create with the brain,
you get exactly
what your intention
is, if you do it the way
we're going to put on here.
But you will get an
equal and opposite force.
It's literally science.
It's an equal and
opposite force will
come to you from behind
in the opposite direction.
You won't see it coming.
I will just appear in your
life and you'll go, oh my god.
And it's for sure is going to
be something you don't want.
And it's just the way it is.
It's the nature of what
this way of creating does.
And I need to refer back
to this one again later.
So I got to keep
it on a-- so I'm
going to talk about exactly how
this creation process works.
And let me see where
I am at on this.
I was out of sequence.
But it is life.
First of all, Gregg
Braden wrote a book
called "The Isaiah Effect."
Anybody read that book?
That's the same information
that was in "The Secret."
And it came out earlier
than "The Secret."
And even earlier than that
was where it came from,
was when they found
the Dead Sea Scrolls,
they found another
pot near there.
And so Gregg was just
talking about what
came out of this Dead Sea
scroll that was BC sometime.
I don't know
exactly when it was,
but it was a long time ago.
So this is nothing.
What's in the "The
Secret" is nothing new.
It's very old.
So this is going to be
creation from the brain.
And the brain, the way it starts
out is it's a thinking process.
I thinks.
That's what it does.
It thinks and thinks and
thinks and does thinking.
And all the creation from the
brain begins with thoughts.
And that is the source of
where the creation begins.
And these thoughts
are based on logic.
Anything that you
create from this process
is going to come to
you in a logical way.
You're not going to see anything
just go proof out of nothing.
You can do that with the heart,
but you can't do it with this.
"The "The Secret" is
primarily focused on money,
it seemed to me.
And so if you're
going to make money,
you're going to see one
of your stocks go way up
or something is going to happen.
But you're going to see the
process of how it got to you.
It'll be a logical way, always
a logical way how it came in.
And then under this, the brain
uses attention to be get it.
So whatever it's
trying to create,
it focuses its attention
on a very specific area.
Let's say it's trying to
make rain, for example.
Or maybe trying to heal
something in the body.
It's all the same thing.
It really doesn't make any
difference what the subject is
that it's focusing on.
But rain is one that
is kind of good enough
for certain reasons.
It's easier to see.
And so then it has
to put intention--
it focuses attention on
rain and the intention
is that it could be more
rain or less, right?
The intention is to say it's
dry and you want more rain,
so your intention is that it
actually rain and it solves
the dry problem
and this is where
your intention is coming from.
And people do this all the
time when they're praying.
They go into it and
they pray and say
you have given this
intention I want something
to happen in my life.
Whatever it is, there's
a million different ways
you can go.
But they're using intention.
They're intending
something to happen.
But it doesn't usually work.
But under intention is
where "The Secret" falls in.
Other than the
laws of attraction,
there are these three
components which
we've talked about before.
Mental body, emotional
body, and physical body.
And all three of
these components
must be functioning fully
in order for this intention
to take place.
If you leave one of them
off, nothing happens.
And so if you're wanting
rain, your mental body
has to see rain
coming from the sky,
seeing clouds, seeing dark,
seeing the temperature.
Seeing.
It's all a seeing process.
It's visual.
And so it sees all
that stuff happening.
If it's a disease in
the body, then you
would see it completely gone.
Or if you can see that,
say, it's a skin disease,
and you can see it, you would
see your skin normal again
and all those kinds of things.
And that process has to
be going on while you're
doing these other two things.
Well, if you just had rain--
if you've been in a drought,
say, for nine years
and everything's dying
and suddenly it
starts raining, you're
going to have an
emotional response.
Or if you've just had cancer
and you've almost died
and all of sudden
it's gone, you're
going to have a
emotional response
to these kinds of things.
And you have to have the
exact same emotional response
as if it actually happened, even
though it hasn't happened yet.
So you have to see it happening,
you have to feel it happening,
and you actually have to--
it goes to that 100% thing.
If you are 100%, then
you would actually
be crying, because you
know it's going to happen.
But the one that everybody
leaves off usually
is the physical body.
A lot of people do this
and a lot of people do that
and they don't even
think about this.
And that's Gregg Braden went to
Tibet to study with the Lamas
there about that.
And they were the
ones that told them
how important this
one was if you're
going to do this kind of thing.
And on the physical
body, if it's raining,
you actually have to feel rain
on your skin, smell the ozone,
feel the temperature drop.
Exactly the same sensations
you would have it suddenly
started raining right now.
You would have to be doing
that, feeling that, emotionally
having that response and
seeing it all happen.
If you do all three
at once, it's science.
It will happen
every single time.
It isn't a matter of
what anybody else thinks
or anything else like that.
It's going to happen
every single time.
But unfortunately it would be
nice if that was that easy.
But unfortunately
because the brain
is divided into two,
male and female,
you get this part of your
intention that you don't want.
But you need to
understand that that's
how the brain does its thing.
So I'm going to skip
now to another subject.
But we'll come back to this
one because tomorrow I'm
going to talk about the heart.
Actually, I don't think the
creation process of the heart
doesn't happen until
the fifth day, I think.
I'm not sure of that.
Right now, I'm going to
flip this back over here.
And in the brain, there is
something that we all have,
but it is not functioning.
It's kind of like
the merkaba, where
all the electromagnetic
fields are just sitting
there stationary, not moving.
But with intention,
you can do things.
You can get them spinning,
breathing certain ways,
and it pops out and the
thing becomes alive.
Well, there's another
component to the merkaba.
It is more important
than the merkaba itself.
And the merkaba
itself won't really
function anywhere
near its potential
until this other
component is connected
to it, which we never talked
about in the first three books,
I don't think.
Definitely not in
the first two books.
I don't think I talked about
it in Living in the Heart.
I never read the
book, so I don't know.
Anyway, I want to give
credit where credit is due.
This came from the Mayans
and also from the Kahunas
in Hawaii.
I got this from the Mayans
and it's extremely detailed,
as you're going to see.
And I thought that this was
something that only they knew.
And then later I had two
older Kahuna teachers.
And when I just
mentioned it to them,
they say, oh yeah,
we know about it.
And then they
described it in detail
exactly like the Mayans knew it.
And so there's
probably other tribes
that understand this, too.
There are these little entry
ways that come out of the head.
There's 10 of them, actually.
We're only going to use eight.
And they activate this--
at least the Kahunas do.
I'm not positive
about the Mayans,
but the Kahunas told
me, both of them did,
told me that it's
very, very secret.
And they do it to their children
when they reach puberty.
They activate it for them.
And so when it's
completely done,
there's a thing
about the human head
that we normally
don't know is there.
I call them the beams of light.
And we're going to describe
them to you, how they work,
exactly how in great detail.
And then when we get a
chance, you're going to do it.
You're going to
actually do this.
And roughly half of you
will be able to do it now
and the other half
will be able to do it
in probably the next two
or three weeks or so.
It's not that hard to do.
One thing about
the pineal gland,
which is the source of
what we're about to do,
it responds to intention better
than anything in the body.
It's really amazing.
So because of that, it
makes it rather easy.
When you put an intention out,
it happens just instantly.
So drawing of a head.
And actually, let me start with
this and we'll come back to it.
This is a person.
And these beams, say,
the ones that come out
of the side of the head.
There are ones that
come right over here.
It's not the temples.
Describe exactly
where these spots are.
It's back by the ears
and slightly higher.
It's the spot that
enters in directly
to the-- if you were
to go straight through,
you'd hit the pineal chakra--
not the gland, but the chakra.
All of this is coming
from the chakra.
The gland is just a
little bit farther away,
but it's the chakra that's
doing it, not the gland.
So these beams that
come out of the head
are one hand link long
basically, but some of them
are shorter.
And you'll see why.
Because they conform to the
shape of the head and they
fit inside of a perfect sphere.
I mean, just a perfect sphere.
And so because our
head is not spherical,
they have slightly
different lengths.
But they're about
a hand-length long.
And they look like
they're exactly the same
as your breathing tube.
They're like a fluorescent tube.
They're straight.
They're perfectly straight.
And if you take your middle
finger and your thumb
and put it together, that
is the size of your beams.
It depends on the
size of your hands.
And not only that, but if
you put it around something,
just a little tiny
bit of pressure
to push these things out,
that's where you would come
to the actual size of them.
So they're that big around.
And from here, underneath
here, this place
where it folds, from there
to the tip of the finger
is the longest one.
And there's some that
are little bit shorter.
But they don't look that
way coming off the body.
They haven't been used
for thousands of years.
And they're just fuzzy little
things that kind of look
like that.
And this one might
come up like that.
And there's another one coming
out the crown chakra over here.
They just kind of look like
little-- they look like fog.
And they're usually kind
of a gold-ish color.
If you're a dowser
or you see aura,
you probably have
never seen these.
Because you have to
know-- like in dowsing.
Who are dowsers here?
How many dowsers?
We got one, two,
three, four, five.
In dowsing-- not with pendulums,
but if you're using sticks--
most people think that
dowsing's just for water.
But you can find anything.
Doesn't matter what it is.
So if you're thinking for water,
then you're going to hit water.
So you better think good,
clean drinking water
or you're going to hit
the sewer lines, too.
So it's what you're
thinking will
determine how these rods work.
But you can also turn it to
gold and you could feel gold.
And now those same
rods that found water
will find only gold.
Or anything else on earth.
It doesn't matter.
Whatever you think about.
But you have to
know that something
exists before you can see it.
This is an interesting
part of our relationship
with the external reality.
What's his name?
>>Magellan.
That's it.
Magellan.
There we go.
Thank you.
Magellan came here, I
think it was seven ships.
And I think it was the west
coast of South America.
And he pulled into a bay
with these giant ships.
This is all written
down in his journals.
And he then got in a boat, a few
of them, and they rowed ashore.
And they were met by quite a
few indigenous people there.
And I don't know how they
were communicating exactly.
But basically they
said to Magellan
looking at these little boats,
well, how did you get here?
And they were
looking at the boats.
And he goes, oh no.
Not those.
The big ships are
sitting out there.
We came in on those.
They couldn't see them.
Only one person out of about
200 people that were there
could see his boats.
When all the other people
looked at the boats,
they saw right through
them, because those boats
were beyond their imagination
and they couldn't see them.
And the only person that
could see them was a shaman
and he was used to doing
very unusual things.
And so he was able to see
the boats, but they couldn't.
And this is the nature
of our consciousness.
It's the same way with UFOs.
You can be sitting on a hill--
and this has happened with me
before-- where I remember
one time I was sitting there,
there was a UFO
like 30 feet away.
It's big, sitting right there.
And I'm going ah!
And the other people were going,
what are you talking about?
They can't see it.
It was too real.
It was too close.
If it was a little speck in the
sky, maybe they could see that.
Specks are pretty easy.
Little lights moving around.
I can see those.
But when it's right
there in your face,
it's very easy to just
look right through it
and not see it.
And so these things, I
would have to teach you,
even if you were-- if you
haven't seen them before.
Once you know how to
see them, they're easy.
They're brighter than the auras.
But you have to tune your inner
vision to them to see them.
And then once you do, they pop
right out and you can see them.
So there are eight-- there
are 10 different places where
these exits are
that they come out.
But this is-- a guy who's
walking down the street-- this
is kind of what they look like.
But that's not-- it isn't what
they actually look like once
they're activated.
You can turn them from that
into these straight beams.
Now I'm going to give you
what the person looks like.
And I'm going to draw this as
though the person's looking
this way.
And there's a reason for it.
I'll explain this in a moment.
Hopefully.
Here we'll try it again.
Maybe this one's
going to be worse.
I don't know.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, well.
It is what it is.
I can't do any better right now.
He's got blue eyes.
This is going to represent
the thickness of the skull.
And this is going to
represent the pineal chakra.
And I'm doing it in red,
but a little black line,
because most people when
they psychically see it,
they see it either
as red or black.
And there's one beam that
comes straight out of the crown
chakra.
And it's a straight beam and it
looks like it's been cut off.
It is exactly the same
size as the breathing tube
and it's inside
the breathing tube,
so it's hard to distinguish
those psychically when
you're looking at them.
But is not cut off straight
because it fits into a sphere.
So there's a slight curve.
And then there is another
one that comes out here,
out the third eye.
And another one that comes
out the back of the third eye.
Another one that comes
down inside the throat.
And there is another
one that comes up here
which we call either
the unicorn or the 45.
And it comes out the
back kind of like this.
And then there's one
coming out the side
on both sides-- one
coming out this way,
and one coming out this way.
So you have one, two, three,
four, five, six, seven,
eight of these coming out.
There's another slot
right here at the chin
and going out this way
and that's for somebody
else, not for you.
I'll explain what it is.
But I think I'm
running out of time.
I got two minutes.
I don't think I can
do it in two minutes.
But this has to do with
a certain kind of person.
We think of ascending.
We think of going
up in consciousness.
But when you get all the
way to the top, guess what?
You come back down.
So there's about half
of life ascending
and there's about half
of life descending.
And when they
descend, you can tell
by looking at them
because they'll have-- ah.
[LAUGHTER]
I would return this.